This is a head-gum original.
Thank you to ManScape for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Oh, gentlemen, the holidays came early here at ManScape.
The leading men's hygiene brand.
ManScape just launched new products, including their all-new, ultra premium
body wash, and a two-in-one shampoo and conditioner.
Time to kill yourself or someone who needs it.
The gift of beautiful skin, hair, and balls this holiday season.
Go to ManScape.com and use code.
What's that?
For 20% off plus free shipping.
Jingle balls to the walls fellas.
Listen up.
Untrimmed cubes are a thing of the past.
And it's possible you have sand as peered in your pants.
It's time to leave your significant others.
Some cookies and milk at the bottom of your chimney.
I'm done.
That's horrible.
I'm talking about the ManScape.
Performance package for point-o.
Before I started using ManScape, I used to slice and dice my package.
But now, I use the Performance package for point-o from ManScape.
Where it's literally impossible to cut your balls.
Think to their skin-save technology.
Inside the Performance package for point-o.
You'll find the signature lawn more for point-o.
This electric trimmer has proprietary skin-save technology
to reduce cuts on your nuts.
It's also waterproof so you can use it in the shower.
And it's like a gift to your partner with less mess.
This hygiene bundle also comes with a pair of ManScape,
Daint-I-Jething Boxers that'll keep your junk feeling fresh all day.
The perfect package for your perfect package.
They also just launched their two-in-one shampoo and conditioner
which has key ingredients with benefits that include
hydrating nourishing, conditioning the scalp,
and strengthening your hair at the same time.
Tis the season to load up on ManScape products.
So get yourself your dad, your brother and friends.
The best gift of all.
The ManScape performance package for point-o.
Get 20% off plus reshipping with the code.
What's that?
At ManScape.com.
Get 20% off again and free shipping with the code.
Watch that at ManScape.com.
That's 20% off reshipping and ManScape.com with the code.
Watch that.
Clean up your nuts and make sense to proud this.
Was it belated?
Was the show belated?
What?
Was the show you hasn't stopped?
Belated.
Belated?
That's the same as happening.
You can't already come in the hot and angry.
During the opening number.
That should be the biggest highest energy positive moment.
And you were yelling at Billy during it.
Oh, because you know what?
We get on the Zoom and Billy's like, oh, I have to pass on an audition.
Which you shouldn't do by the way.
Because all work you can by the way.
And don't tell me no.
Because that is what happened.
That's what happened.
You can do it.
I'm not saying it's not.
Yes.
You can't tell me no.
I said don't yell during it.
You said no.
Because.
So the no part meant nothing.
Bang on a bomber.
Right on the gates.
Hit me Johnny.
All right.
I mean, it just came out of nowhere.
That kind of you are already bringing the show down.
It seemed like you and a mirror were already in a little tizzy.
And I felt a little awkward about it.
It's not a tizzy.
It's just a conversation.
Conversation can be tense and still be there.
I mean, you're not wrong.
But this is a comedy podcast.
You should probably probably be a little bit nicer.
Did you pass on untitled legal project?
Oh, no.
I didn't pass on that.
Did you read for untitled legal project?
Yeah.
Well, it was more of a deposition than an audition.
Right.
No.
You had jury duty.
And you didn't show up or something?
Yeah.
I had jury duty.
And I didn't show because it's called passing on untitled legal project.
That's a little Hollywood joke for you guys.
That's a classic singer.
You can tell it.
A West Hollywood eatery.
Like a sweet greens or a tender greens or an era Juan.
Like a classic L.A. style,
participery,
Delhi, Katessa, and restaurant style cafeteria.
Any of these greens?
Yeah.
That's right.
Any of the things you just said.
They're not Delhi's or bakeries.
Okay.
Yeah.
You can call me daddy.
Thank you.
Bill, you just cut your hair.
Yeah.
I did.
And we do these over video now.
I don't know if you know that.
I did not.
You didn't warn me of that.
But I did know that.
Okay.
You should have told me that.
But I did know that I was going to.
You're saying as a producer.
Yeah.
As a friend.
Just let me know.
Hey, we're going to be recording this as a video.
But I was aware of that.
Major Keeler.
Catch people off guard.
To find them at their worst.
You're terrible.
So you don't learn your lesson.
You learn the opposite lesson.
That's worse than not learning a lesson.
You messed up and then you doubled down to turn into a life hack.
That was easy.
Johnny last night.
That was a hit.
Yeah.
Boom.
The comments don't lie.
Yeah.
It's a good ending.
Which is great.
It feels good.
The Camilla commending you.
Or should we should have been Sean commendas.
Camilla commending their relationship.
Because they are a split spell.
I don't know.
Yeah.
They just covered that spell.
They broke that.
Did they decide to call it split spell at squaresville?
Probably.
Who niche dumb?
What do you mean?
She's a vintage store on Vermont.
Yeah.
A single store.
It's a vintage store in Vermont that you recommend me go to.
And it was close twice when I went.
They had two separate COVID outbreaks.
Yeah.
That's true.
I don't know why you did recommend it.
I did apologize to them for bringing it there.
But I got a shirt that was for the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
So who's really laughing now?
Nobody.
Yeah.
No one's laughing.
So losing game for everybody.
I'm just reading about last week's last week's episode.
Headgums newest hired Gianna joins Johnny Marie can Jeff to discuss rice wine.
I've spent that wrong actually.
We're supposed to be rice wine.
So it's like you feed a cow.
A ton of pumpernical.
Okay.
What is this?
This is an animal.
Us.
You know what you just said, right?
What did you imagine to happen when you made the rice wine?
Feeding itself on vernical.
You wanted the fucking standing ovation.
You have to play the audio clip then.
I was going to come.
Yeah.
Billy.
What's new in the life in times of brick?
Not much.
I bought my best game yesterday.
200.
Not even closed.
70.
Yeah.
No.
151.
It was my best game of liking.
It was okay.
I kind of blew it at the end.
But I got after really hot start.
I don't know.
I'm going back to Canada soon.
Why?
I see a movie tonight.
I don't know.
I don't.
I'm not loving it in Los Angeles.
And I'm going to be there just for the holidays.
And then figure out where I'm going to go after that.
So LA was semi permanent.
It wasn't like a.
You weren't moving here for real for good.
No.
This was me like just testing it out.
Kind of.
And then maybe longer term.
Depending on.
Yeah.
Well, thanks for giving us confidential information.
So we had to.
If I can edit that out.
Yeah.
You're going to cut your hair soon, Jeff.
No.
I don't think so.
Let's see it.
Oh.
Oh my god.
Holy shit.
It's so long.
And you have no end in sight.
We're doing these video podcasts.
So you're like playing it up for audio.
But most people are going to be watching it.
And it's not that long.
It's pretty long.
Oh my god.
It's flowing in the woods.
It's crazy.
Kind of just clipping it perfectly.
A rim light from behind you.
Yeah.
Fabio style length.
And girth girth.
Yeah.
So the plan is to just keep it going down past your shoulders.
TBD.
I think so.
They'll probably come a day where I'm sick of it.
Because it is kind of a lot of maintenance.
But I like being able to do things with it.
And women love it, Billy.
Do that.
Yeah.
They like running their dirty little grabbers through it.
Gross.
That tells your problem.
It's awful.
And that's the reaction I earned by them.
You don't get to play God and decide with the action for shit.
To each of your days.
Johnny, what's new in the Times of Villa?
Not the life.
Just the Times.
The Times?
Yeah.
It's 543.
It's kind of darker in New York a lot earlier now.
Because of daylight savings, which is interesting.
It's like a darker, gritty or tan.
I know.
Yeah.
You know your work man.
I can tell.
Yeah.
Welcome to New York.
We've been waiting for you.
So.
Yeah.
Billy, you should live in New York because like if you're like at the beginning of where you're going to decide to live.
If I could go back and do it over again, I think I would do New York first.
Because eventually you probably have to move daily.
Jeff, you're like 23 years old.
I know.
But like came here for college.
And then I'm going to abandon all my close friends who care about me a lot.
And do things for me even when they forget my birthday.
Was it your birthday recently?
No.
It was your birthday recently.
Recent enough.
Yeah.
Two weeks, three weeks.
Three weeks.
Yeah.
Um.
Are you moving to New York in like three days?
Yeah.
Yes.
You just said you're not going to abandon all your friends.
And I decided you are moving in like three days.
Okay.
All right.
This is that William and Richard.
This is that Nicholas style.
My email.
Yeah.
Again, don't dox yourself.
I don't like them.
They don't care.
No one's going to email me about this.
Now they will.
And guess what else?
The fucking out of context Twitter thing is probably going to blast your email.
It's not only the Twitter spheres.
But deviant art Johnny style.
So you like deviant art.
Yeah, and also we can believe that.
It mirrors right it.
No.
I made my bed.
I made my hand.
It's in good faith.
Ask you to delete my email for sure.
I need to deal with the repercussions here.
I need to learn about that.
There needs to be consequences to my actions.
Um.
I respect that.
We talked about this briefly over text.
But I've been trying to get wise recently.
And that manifests in various modes of communication.
Not only verbal, but non non verbal and non violent.
And I thought that maybe we could just take a couple minutes to be wise.
What's that in jail?
That's not enough of an icebreaker.
That's not a leaping off point.
Let's go to the New York Times.
And we'll talk about one of these articles.
Okay.
House narrowly passes Biden's social safety net and climate bill.
Let's not act like this is progressive legislation.
Now this is them, by the way.
Yeah.
You're giving us knowledge, I guess.
With it's not really.
Yeah.
If you want to bring your headlines at us.
This news is wise.
News is wise.
News is how you get wise.
Because you know the facts.
Ass.
I would argue that wisdom is more about the ability to absorb information.
It's almost like intelligence versus knowledge.
You're just giving us the answers.
But you're not really enlightening us in a way that lets us enjoy the journey.
If that makes sense.
Okay.
And riddle me this.
My GPA was 4.12 on a 4.33 scale in high school.
So it's at 4.33 scale.
That's A plus.
So anything like 97 and up was an A plus and that gave you a 433.
Yes.
So you got looks.
It's just generally half A plus is in half A's.
Correct.
Impressive.
I got a V plus once.
Nice.
Still not wisdom.
I don't think.
Think you're just good at taking tests or something.
Yes.
And that's what I was bringing it up to say is that knowing just the answers is wisdom and vice versa.
Right.
The fact that you think that is not what?
Yeah.
Exactly opposite.
I'm opposite.
I don't know what.
You guys always wait for me to fucking facilitate joy.
I'm wondering if you guys bring your own shit in.
Right.
Last week on a camera really prepared.
I'm not saying segments this year.
I'm just saying not this week.
But I'm saying contribute to the conversation.
Don't wait for me to kind of quarterback it because you're a key alert.
Do you have one?
No.
Sound like he just fucking said one don't facilitate.
It wasn't a major killer.
It was a minor note alert.
It was a major bag alert.
Not to read the receipt of the food.
I said no.
I did not read the receipt.
You know why?
Because it was covered with fucking ants in a swirl of raccoon got to it.
There was debris all over my front porch.
So I didn't read the receipt.
I didn't get the joke because he sent it to me.
Nobody touched the food.
$40 worth of fast food chicken and fries.
Delivered to my door left for animals to have.
I couldn't even enjoy it.
I would have liked to eat chicken.
But Jeff doesn't tell me that it's coming.
She just orders it.
It stays on my front porch.
And the joke is that I find it a day or two later.
I have to clean it up because of course there's fucking sauce and fries all over my front yard.
And then I throw it away.
And then I text Jeff.
Nice.
You got me.
Animals $8.40 worth of food that you sent me and didn't tell me about.
And he goes major bag alert.
Did you read the receipt?
No, I didn't read the receipt.
Just text me a fucking joke.
You don't have to spend $40 to write it on a car that someone delivers to me.
And I never read.
What was the receipt?
Major bag alert.
It was um, so you know, post made sometimes does like a branded deals for like TV
shows or major media personalities.
Okay.
No.
Sure.
Like the Travis Scott burger or something.
It was so DJ Khaled has a as a post made partnership right now.
And it's another wing.
And so I got you the major bag alert, which is, let me just, I really want to cite my sources here.
So why don't you tell me that it was coming?
I thought they were going to knock on your door.
And then you thought I got it and ate it and didn't tell you anything.
No, when I didn't hear from you, I assumed it was at your door.
And then I didn't text you.
Major bag alert.
30 piece classic boneless wings with choice of two flavors regular fries and dips wasted.
And I did it with, I got the um, you loyal lemon pepper sauce.
And they don't want you to win truffle.
So just take a screen grab of that send it to me.
You don't actually order it.
Have people prepare and drive it over.
For absolutely nothing.
Did you tip the driver Jeff?
Uh, yeah.
I tip them 15%.
Nice.
Yeah.
They told him to keep the food.
That's got to waste.
Yeah.
It wasn't great.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
But then we wouldn't have had this conversation.
Let me see if I could pull it.
It would have been like someone gave me the major bag alert at work.
I was having a tough day.
Yeah.
A long day.
And my air conditioning wasn't working in my car.
And then I just got this amazing.
Um, notification that said I could keep the food.
Mm.
It'd been great.
Yeah.
It would have been much better than this.
This is like a 10 not even.
This is like a 25th of the of the podcast.
This is what I saw the next morning at 9 a.m.
After walking my dog.
I just want to mention that some of their other sauces were suffering from success,
sweet, sesueteriyaki.
I ain't regular ranch.
Ugh.
Yeah.
I can't be held accountable.
It's your doing you did this.
You had been in guilt.
Jeff is just admitting a different problem that he has.
I'm the lead into this.
I mean, capable of being held accountable for shit.
Um, no, but it is time for, uh, a seminal segment that we've been doing every week, Billy.
It's, uh, it's bit, sorry.
Okay, so, uh, you caused that.
You could have just turned that off at any time.
Wasting precious time or not, pressed it.
Bond of the week.
James?
Or...
Okay.
Street.
The sushi place in New York.
No, James Bond.
Every week, uh, until the next James Bond is cast, we're going to lob up our casting options for
the next James.
Um, this week, I'd like to pause it.
Bill Nye.
Why?
Two.
Yeah.
Because then the movie could be called Golden Nye.
No.
Yeah, they're going to put the actor's name in the title for a comment.
There, any precedent for that?
There is none, but you know what?
There's no precedent for Pierce Brosnan.
It was Irish.
It was absolutely Irish.
And now he's trying to sell a beach house mansion in Malibu for a hundred million.
I don't know.
Isn't there something with watches and bonds?
You're into watches.
Is there like a James Bond watch connection?
Yeah.
So the earlier movies it was Rolex would supply the watches.
So that's part of how the submariner got, uh, I became iconic.
Uh, and then eventually the partnership changed to Omega, which is huge for Omega
because, uh, there, um, less beloved brand.
But every time a new Bond movie comes out, they release a watch that's in the movie
and you can buy it limited edition.
Um, and people like the sea master that they release for this one.
What does it know time to die?
Uh, but it's not my favorite.
The loom plots are, it's, it's faux patinaed.
Which is, uh, screw you man.
Screw you.
It's basically like this.
Yeah.
It, isn't that a bolt?
Shut up.
I didn't want a bolt.
So I thought I'd screw you.
Instead.
Are you nuts?
That's good.
That's a great way.
It's really good.
Yeah.
Would you have to take a break?
I wish we could ride that, like adrenaline in momentum comedy-wise,
but we do have to take a break and think some sponsors.
Yeah.
Thank you to Bean for sponsoring this episode of our show guys get ready for the ultimate
cozy winter night in brought to you by Bean.
Bean is a functional wellness brand that makes CBD products to help you pursue your better
and push the boundaries of what's possible.
For a limit of time only, Bean's best-selling sleep product, Dream Powder Hot Coco, now comes
in delicious white chocolate peppermint.
So get ready swirls of peppermint mixed with creamy white chocolate for the guilt-free
hot cocoa of your holiday dreams.
It's the perfect winter wind down for those cold snowy nights.
It's triple lab tested and contains the ultimate sleep promoting ingredients.
Nano CBD, Rashi, magnesium, L. Theanine, and melatonin with no sugar added and no artificial
sweeteners.
Guys, again, I take these supplements already, not all of them, but some of them magnesium
out the Indian melatonin and they work like gangbusters.
So to have all of that in a hot cocoa, I can't wait to try this.
I mean, beans, what do we wait, non-brother?
I need to get some of this hot cocoa, this some of this dream powder, as they say.
People absolutely love dream powder and the reviews Jennifer M. Road, I've suffered
from insomnia for years.
I've tried just about every supplement on the market and this is by far the most effective.
I'm very grateful for it.
I fall asleep quickly and sleep deeper and longer.
Thank you, Beam.
Melanie wrote, this stuff is legit.
I'm a gym rat or just turn 50 and has sleep issues.
I take this at 10 p.m. and sleep from 11 to 6.
The best part is that I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to hit the gym.
The white chocolate peppermint dream powder only lasts for a limited time, so get it while
it's hot, pun intended.
And great news, if you subscribe now, you can also take advantage of Beam's best sale
of the year for Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
You'll get 40% off the first three months of a peppermint dream subscription plus a free
mug and frothor or 20% off a one time purchase.
So again, this is Beam's biggest offer of the year and just like this new flavor, it won't
last long.
So head to beamorganics.com slash head gum.
That's beam B-E-A-M organics.com slash head gum, H-E-A-D-G-U-M.
For 40% off the first few months of a subscription plus free mug and frothor or 20% off
a one time purchase, plus you can pause or cancel at any time.
So thanks Beam, check that out.
This podcast is sponsored by Better Help Online Therapy.
Go to betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Like a sin guy, his life is full of stressors, right?
Doesn't matter who you are or what you have, your life is probably stressful.
For me, I find it incredibly difficult to fall asleep, right?
And that can't help but manifest in a life full of drowsiness, you know, wandering thoughts,
wandering hands.
And you may not be feeling down and totally out and depressed, or like you're at a total
loss.
But if your stress is high, your temper is shorter than usual, or even if you start to
feel strained in any of your relationships, you could probably use the chance to unload.
So unload the stressors and get it out by talking to somebody who's completely unbiased
about your life, right?
Someone who's not going to judge you or take sides on anything.
You know, when there's things that you feel like you can't tell anyone, I feel like
you can't unload to friends and family, but you need to unload it.
That's what therapy can be.
So go to betterhelp.com to find customized online therapy that offers video, phone, and
even live chat sessions with your therapist, so you don't have to see anyone on camera
if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than in-person therapy, and you can start communicating
with your therapist in under 48 hours.
So unload the stressors and get some unbiased feedback.
You'd be pretty surprised at what you might learn.
The headgon podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp, and our listeners get 10% off your first
month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P.com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
And we're back.
Let's get the energy up.
If you guys aren't contributing as much as I'd like you to other than Amir, Amir's
bringing some energy.
I don't know where it's coming from.
Hopefully, it stays going into his weekend, and that this doesn't zap it, because
he always complains that when he does the show, it kind of sucks your creative energy.
You said he didn't know where his energy was coming from.
It was coming from a very spiteful and hateful place.
He was mad that you delivered food to his door unannounced at one of the other.
Half anger for you, and half of this cold brew that I'm quickly finishing, unfortunately.
Billy, did I do something to hurt your feelings?
You invited me to your headgum live show, told me I was on the list, and then I arrived,
bringing my girlfriend feeling proud, and I wasn't on the list, and they didn't allow me in.
Okay.
Oh, go, go, go, go, go.
Street call Finn and have him loop in Millie.
Okay, right, for like a number of reasons, definitely not.
Well, I'll send you, I'll send you some fast food to make up for it.
At least let him know that it's there.
Welcome to backup careers.
Or nah.
No, it's just...
Let me fucking host the show if you're going to give me this platform.
I like a mirror.
You want me to fucking change it on the fly to backup careers or not?
Because it could kind of be like, you could have a backup career, or you could pursue what you really
wanted all along, which I think is wise.
That is wise.
That's very wise of a mirror.
Yeah, well, to have a backup and choose to not follow it means that you're thinking about it.
And it means that you're betting on yourself in such a way that it doesn't matter.
You know what the other paths are, but you're just going to stay true to yourself.
And in that way, success does...
You don't need like financial success or like critical success, just the fact that you're doing it
and pursuing what you really want means that you're being successful.
I think that that's much better.
What did you say, Jeff, was just backup careers?
I just didn't mean anything.
I don't like how wise Billy just sounded.
Because it makes me by comparison less wise.
Did you want us all to get wise together or something?
Yeah, but let me leave the pack.
Please.
This is backup careers.
Kyrie Irving slash Johnny Villa edition.
Why?
So basically it's going to be...
I'm going to list a couple backup careers and then you guys guess whether that's one,
or basically like tell me whether that's suitable for Kyrie Irving,
who clearly doesn't care about basketball anymore, or Johnny Villa, who at a certain point
is going to have to kind of get realistic if you want to have a family.
Get realistic.
Okay fine, why don't we just go ahead?
Let's just start.
Basketball coach for underserved youths.
See, obviously not me.
I don't have any basketball experience.
I'm not even like five ten.
I'm not even close to that.
So I don't even know why...
You know what?
All right, Kyrie Irving, fine.
Okay.
Do you have to guess as well?
Yeah, every way they're answers.
There's no right or wrong answer here.
Yeah.
See?
Why are you asking that?
Fine.
The right answer is Kyrie.
Yeah.
Kyrie Irving.
Great basketball player.
One of the best basketball players.
Probably of all time.
Yeah.
Well, the best point that's for sure.
Yeah, he'd be a great coach.
That when his social wear with all would be amazing in terms of
his sort of locker room presence and his locker room presence.
It would be so helpful to the youth basketball organization.
Yeah.
He has presence, presence, and presence.
Impression, too, said.
Prescience.
Because he's not getting this,
this fucking vaccine, because he knows what it's going to do to you.
Next guy.
Just go to the next guy.
Don't start this.
Are the campsite, black water, attendant?
And I'm just going to skip to saying this is Johnny.
Why?
Well, kind of experience do I have with that kind of job?
Well, the issue is you don't have a lot of experience in general.
So it's kind of like you can do anything that can be taught in an afternoon,
part of which would be kind of emptying the sewage from
win-a-biggest.
I'm realizing now we sort of skipped over bond to the week, right?
Yeah, I did have this film.
And I had some like crazy cool answer.
Okay.
And yeah, let's hear you guys about the weeks, and as we power through this.
All right, my bond to the week would have to be someone from BTS.
It would have to be Jimin, I think, because that's the only one I know.
But I think.
Yeah, BTS person would boost the sales for bond exponentially.
And also the fact that we're talking about it right now
means the BTS army is going to run this podcast up.
That's wise.
Yeah.
Thank you, Alex.
No, we're all getting pretty wise.
Really, except Jeff, but really wise answers.
I've been wise.
Yeah, yeah, two of us, two or three of us have been pretty wise.
Yeah, totally.
Billy, what's your bond of the week?
Well, I would say we should pick someone that is unexpected.
A lot of people are talking about maybe making bond a woman or maybe casting a black actor or
somebody believe we're talking about Americans.
So I think what if we just went against all those conversations and cast a white,
British male actor like Jack O'Connell, who I think kind of has the look for it.
And using that movie, 71 with Barry Keegan, who's another actor who I don't think would be
right for James Bond, but I just think that it wouldn't be surprising and kind of
ballsy of them to just go and give us exactly what we've had in the past.
That's cool.
And think of allowing you to be progressive.
Going with the grain is the new against the grain.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that was pretty wise.
That's actually really wise.
Who would you say, Jeff?
That was pretty wise.
Who would you say that one?
I said, Bill Nye, the science guy, just in terms of yuck.
Yeah, yeah, golden eye.
Just like you would be the villain at that point too.
Why not have him be the villain?
He could be golden eye.
And then he could be playing himself to an evil.
Instead, he's playing James Bond, but the pawn is a villain's name and the actor's name.
It doesn't make any sense at all.
There's no way they would do that.
Yeah, I just was thinking in terms of merchandising opportunities.
What merchandising opportunities?
T-shirts, watches, a just a golden eye on it.
Golden eye, sick joke that you have.
Yeah, the other thing would be like posters.
Like it's so kind of the slogans write themselves.
It could be like, the next Bond is Nye.
Oh my god, I have fucking hives from you, I think.
I mean, who's your Bond of the week?
That actually is, if they're going to go white British guy,
this is probably the best pick anyone said at the past couple of weeks.
Is Jack O'Connell or don't Nye?
Bill Nye could be awesome, but Jack O'Connell.
I mean, who's your Bond of the week?
Let's go with coming off of Space Jam 2.
I'd love to see a LeBron James Bond.
The Bond of James?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he's already tall in the hot and like athletics.
So like he can do some real cool.
And what if Bond has to dunk a bomb at the end of the game?
Or a chase down LeBron James at the end of the game?
So it's like a guy putting a bomb in the rim and LeBron fucking.
Dent, dent, dent, dent, dent, dent.
They used the mission of possible theme.
Mission of possible theme?
Yeah.
Swatting it out of the way.
He changed his number to 007.
That's really good.
Stop him on the other side.
That's very short of the business.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, who should pick them that?
I could get on board with LeBron.
Yeah.
LeBron with James.
In the movie, he'll have a little live strong style bracelet.
And I'll say just a kid from Pet Bottom.
Is that where he's from?
Yeah.
What's that?
It's like the emoji LeBron always uses.
Oh, yeah, the praise hands.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Yeah, that's pretty good, I guess.
We could get, is it M or Q?
Who's like the both?
Choose the tech guy?
M's the kind of head of M I six.
Yeah.
So Q's not the old lady character, then.
I mean, M's not the old lady character.
M is the old lady.
It's M.
Sorry.
Q is the best.
No.
Bus can be.
Can be.
M.
Yes.
Isn't one of them from mission impossible?
M and Q are both bond.
M6 is mission impossible.
Six.
Yes.
M6 is what we call mission of.
That's the fucking joke of the episode.
You have to start awarding that shit now.
I think LeBond James is the joke of the episode.
Either way, Billy's taking on the hardware.
I feel like him here was about to say LeBond James down.
I kind of, and I kind of stood.
But I didn't.
And that means I'm getting a step slow.
Thank you for, um.
Do you know that highlight, and I'm sure you do, and I could be wrong.
But when they try and get the ball to Kobe at the end of the game,
and then hit young, caught it, and then shot it, and hit the buzzer.
Yeah, I didn't went in, right?
Yeah, and he hit the game when that's what that was.
You were, you were setting.
If you had it, the clock was winding down.
You were turning the corner, getting to your spot.
And then I kind of intercepted the pass from my on teammate.
And now shot a terrible three and somehow banked it.
History will only remember Nick Young and forget Kobe Bryant, though.
I already don't know who Kobe is.
I might, uh, I'm not going to say it.
I had a different segment plan in place of this one that we're still in the middle of, uh,
that was basically about how the Diana Princess Diana musical got, uh,
just absolutely reamed by the New York Times, the other critic, because as exploitative and bad.
And so I was going to say, what else could we,
what other tragedies could we exploit for money?
Oh, it was all too dark.
Just disgusting.
Yeah.
Um, let's keep it going here.
We'll kind of like, power through the rest of this.
Uh, please, power through power through.
Power through.
Uh, full time social activists.
I think Kyrie would be good at that.
Um, I couldn't hear because the full time social activists.
Um, Johnny on their other hand, I think could be a sex worker who's clientele is mostly
self-hating Republican homophobes.
So like, you get basically turned inside out by Josh Hawley,
and then he'll like go across the street to the Capitol and still pass anti LGBT legislation.
Turned sounds awesome.
Yeah.
Turned inside out.
What?
Why that visual?
The fuck is wrong with you, man.
Turned it.
Side out.
Turned by his side out.
Don't turn me out.
Uh, I think Johnny could also be good as the last remaining Pony Express court career.
So like cash him in like Eastern Oregon, like hauling ass on an ass to get like one
fucking scroll to a librarian in Ashland.
I can definitely foresee myself becoming a becoming that.
Yeah.
You know how like at the end of a high school day.
It's like 243 or something and like the teacher's still talking and it's like,
I'm just fucking seconds away from the weekend and the teacher's like,
actually like, let me start this next chapter.
Like, that's what this is like, the fact that we do this on a Friday afternoon is
a very specific form of intellectual torture on the guests specifically,
because people can just listen to it whenever they want.
The fact that you're like grabbing our ankles as we're trying to like,
get away from you and enjoy our time on a Friday night and we have to hear,
what was it fucking Johnny would be an activist or whatever the hell or a
career? Like, what is that? What is that? How did you think of that? Why did you think
of that? Kyrie or Johnny? Not only are you grabbing us, grabbing our ankles and trying
to every time we're trying to leave, even here, we're having conversations on the side
and we're having a little bit of fun and I can feel the energy kind of creeping up once,
but then you kind of chime in and then all of a sudden, yeah, just really your entire experience.
Yeah, you're poisoning the well. You're souring the dessert. You're, like, you're allergic to
having a good time. And when this show accidentally hits a stride,
through literally despite what you're trying to do, you put the kabash on all of it, like spider
man stopping a train. Try as you might, Johnny, like grind any moment that we're figuring out
to an absolute hall. You suck. I mean, what do you look like? What can I say? I can't be any more
plan that you're not, you're not good. And you're not wise. And I think that's the real nail in the
coffin. No, where do I think he's capable of being wise? Like, you know what I mean? Like,
I'll like, yeah, like a lot of people can figure it out or like get to a point where they
can set themselves up for wisdom. Oh my god. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jeff is a wafer. He's an empty vessel.
He's a he's a hickema. Like, what is that root vegetable on my fucking plate? It's the it's the
clear foamy beige one, right? You are hickema. Yeah. Oh my god. Now I'm feeling like the energy
creating. Yeah. Like, it's weird. Like the wisest thing that Jeff could do is just give
up on being wise, but he's so incapable of being wise in any way that he always be in pursuit of it
and he'll never be able to get it. Exactly. Find some solace if he just accepted himself as
the empty user in a losing game. And just moved on trying to live in the moment or something, but he's
he can't even do that. He's also he's a balsa wood, a hickema man, an empty coffin. Yeah.
He's a thin hollowed out vessel of nothing. It's so, and he doesn't even get it. Like, it's crazy.
It's so fucked up. That's like the fucking. That's enough. That's enough. You had your fun.
You talked about wafers. You talked about radishes. No, it did not. This is my show.
I didn't say a radish. I'd love to eradish Kate you.
This is what we're taking out a gun. And the turnup. That was really hurtful. Let's move on
That was easy. That was easy.
It's a smile. Let's get into it again.
Well.
Smile.
Every smile come on.
You guys are underectable.
You're terrible director.
To smile.
Welcome to Michael or Buster.
What an addition.
It's 40 minutes.
It's starting a new segment.
By the way, we skipped a segment.
There was going to be two more segments after this.
Yes.
Michael or Buster, Keaton addition.
Here we go.
I'm going to list some quotes.
And you have to attribute them to the right keyton.
Michael or Buster.
You imagine thinking you're going to hear the plug section.
And then just like, now it's time to start playing.
Michael or Buster, the keyton addition.
This is what I'm talking about, man.
A comedian does funny things.
A good comedian does things funny.
Diane.
Holy shit.
You got my one trick question slash pony.
Here we go.
I took my play very seriously.
And I got way way lost in my play world.
Got to be Michael.
Correct.
That man said that.
Oh, my life.
I've been happiest when the folks watching me say to each other.
Look at that poor dope.
Will ya?
Buster.
Correct.
These are easy.
So far.
Yeah.
They say pantomimes a lost art.
It's never been a lost art.
It never will be because it's natural to do.
Michael.
Okay.
Buster Keaton said pantomime is never a lost art.
I'll give you that one because he did say it.
But in this specific instance, it's actually me quoting him.
To this day, I have the most fond memories of some of my old toys.
Michael.
Correct.
Guys never really get over their toys.
Michael.
He's obsessed with toys.
In our family, my brothers and I shared toys.
In other words, just because it was mine.
Didn't mean my brothers and I didn't play with it together.
Definitely sounds.
This is typical Michael Keaton.
Correct.
You know Michael Keaton's real name is Michael Douglas.
But he had to change it.
Because of Michael Douglas, yeah.
Did you know that Albert Brooks's real name is Albert Einstein?
That's he had to change it because of Albert Einstein.
And now he's more famous than Einstein that will ever be.
Yeah, exactly.
Not really.
And his brothers, super Dave Osborn, who recently passed away,
Marty Funkhouse, are uncurve.
Funkhouse or yeah.
And together, they sort of broke brothers.
And Einstein Brothers Bagel.
That's enough of the goofs though.
Let's get serious here.
Plugs.
Come in podcast.
A lot of these.
Oh, that's it.
I feel like we're just getting started.
I spent cutting it.
I spent cutting it in one.
I skipped it.
I just started podcast.
It's really hard to get a mirror.
Well, the wise bros.
Yeah.
That's great.
The values.
Because we're 80.
I owe you.
And sometimes wise.
That's really good.
That's really funny.
No, I was just on it.
Meet yourself, Jeff.
I would like to ask you guys.
We're just going to talk right now.
The values are going to sort of wax for the next view.
A lot.
Don't specify how often you want to be on there.
Do you really know that it's not going to happen?
It doesn't have to be every week.
It could be fun if it's like because like we can sort of play with the fact that like,
you know, we're talking about wisdom.
Like I'm 38.
But I feel like a 21 year old.
Yeah.
You guys are like in your ear.
Jeff, I'm talking.
You guys are in your early 20s.
And maybe you feel more wise.
So it's like this like play on like who's teaching.
Who about what?
We can both like sort of guide each other through like different.
Yeah.
The different ends of like, you know,
being like a classic like 20 to 40 year old.
Yeah.
Turn about pop culture like, you know,
I can teach you about fucking property taxes.
And you can teach me about like, you know,
a more important shit like tick-tock trends or what clothes cool kids are.
Jeff, stop.
Please.
I didn't say anything.
You were laughing.
You're laughing.
Yeah.
It's kind of loud in my ears.
I think it's a good idea.
I'm being positive to you.
Okay.
I feel like you're making me want to rethink this with your enthusiasm.
I feel like you're not the target audience.
And how you're really responding to it.
I feel like maybe we're doing something wrong.
Now Billy's starting to second guess the podcast because you kind of.
Because like chuckled.
Because like kind of laughed.
Just having you on board.
Yeah.
I don't know if I want to do it anymore either.
I thought we had something fun.
Yeah.
Do you know how like if someone smart is like, oh, you're really smart.
Like then it like boosts you.
It means a lot.
Yeah.
But the fact that you're like, oh, I love this idea.
It just proves that it's a terrible idea.
Yeah.
Like when the biggest idiot you know is like, wow.
You're just like me.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
I'm doing something.
Sorry.
That one.
Jeff.
There's a famous door Jeff.
One second.
There's a famous story that when Ben Affleck and Matt Damon were pitching
to go hunting and trying to get funding for it.
They put in a sexy between them.
That was like just like a really, really out of play sexy.
Obviously.
And then anytime a producer would be like, oh, we love the script.
They know that they weren't reading it properly.
They were not the right fit.
And then when someone go, oh, I don't know about this sexy.
They go, okay, you're paying attention.
So we could go all four of us to pitch to different places.
And if they are like, yeah, it sounds good.
And we'll now that they're not the right fit, but if they go, whoa.
This Jeff guy doesn't really fit.
Then we know that they really get it.
Yeah.
He's like so obviously like a canker sore on the idea that like anybody who's worth
the damn will realize that and ask us to take him out.
Exactly.
Yeah.
First thing.
In the world of the vowels, Jeff's an F.
Because he's constantly like pissing us off.
Yeah.
We should totally have guests on this podcast.
That's really cool.
Yeah.
I would love to be one.
I would love to be one of them.
Yeah.
Someone really funny and like smart and wise.
I think I'm some of those.
What about Riley for the pilot?
Yeah.
The Riley.
Riley with Riley.
Yeah.
Jeff experiment.
I think I have her phone.
Oh, my God.
What about Jeff from a George?
And then I didn't have the same get.
Yeah.
I don't have George's contact information.
But I'd probably.
I could DM him on Jester.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I don't like any of this.
I guess.
Did you get Mr. James in there for like one episode?
Oh, just that.
Oh.
Yeah.
That would be fun.
Sort of like the wisdom of James.
We can call that segment.
Oh, yeah.
Jeff.
That's why I want to call.
Our Jeffrey's mom.
Do there some time.
Jeffrey sister too.
Yeah.
What?
What are you guess?
Good.
Why are you still here?
That's the question that stumped you.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram, at Jeff Boy already on Twitter.
You guys plug your stuff.
I'm going to, I'm going to go.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Finally, the valves can sort of fucking.
This is lame.
Yeah.
This is like the podcast right now.
There was like a high pitched ringing.
Yeah.
He gave me tonight.
Tonight is tonight.
Yeah.
That's really funny.
Joke in the fucking episode.
Yeah.
It feels like.
I feel like I had something removed like a boil from my back.
You know what it feels like.
Yeah.
Like stand up.
Like when the hangover ends and you're just like.
Ah.
Let's fucking party.
Yeah.
That's how I feel like.
Like when you go see the hangover and you're just so step after.
And you just want to go party.
That's another great joke that Jeff would have stepped up.
He'd been like, yeah, we're like a fucking the time where I gave a bagel to a fucking
dwarf.
And he would be like, yeah, chuckle chuckle.
King or something like that.
And we'd all be like.
Yeah.
Fucker.
That was kind of funny because you can't even do like.
I can't.
Yeah.
You can't.
You know how like like you were like getting.
Being on this podcast with Jeff to like.
Like waiting for the end of the school day.
Yeah.
I feel like this lock.
Right now it's like it feels like summer.
Yeah.
It's like summer.
When he left, I heard a fucking school bell go off.
Yeah.
But it was like.
It was almost like a beautiful melody.
It wasn't like that.
It was almost just like the beautiful tone of his.
It was like the homework of papers.
Fine.
Definitely throwing their binders up.
Yeah.
And he's pulled out.
Yes.
I was the graduation.
Like it feels like that podcast as we knew it is over.
Right?
Yeah.
And like this is sort of like this is like the Berlin wall falling down.
A new era of a post.
Yes.
Post pandemic world.
This feels like that that like when you can finally go in public and take that mask off
for the first time that first breath of like, oh, yes.
Yeah.
The air that I've been missing out on.
Not filtered through these dirty.
He even scrunched up in my pocket.
Yeah.
Jeff has a dirty mask in his ex professional podcast is a booster shot with 100% efficacy.
I'm ready to kiss a fucking sailor in Times Square because he's finally gone.
Great.
All right.
Yeah.
To talk.
Insta.
And.
Yes.
Okay.
He's gone.
Yeah.
I'm just.
I'm on all the socials.
Search me there.
Okay.
Blumer on TikTok trying to like get back in there.
Like trying to get the creative juices flowing again.
It's been a while.
But I think I'm ready to.
I think I'm ready to be funny again.
I don't know.
I feel like that.
I got that sent from you.
Not that you weren't being funny before.
But this is just holding you back.
It felt like I was on a treadmill where like every time I would take like rest
it would like push me back.
Jeff was sort of like this wind in my face.
I'm.
I'm also.
Sorry.
You, I think cut out.
I can interrupt you.
No.
Yeah.
Go for it.
And just because we're in Jeff's zoom still that my connections a little bit off.
Yeah.
He's sort of like yeah.
He's ruining the bandwidth for I think my internet slower now.
Yeah.
Because I'm.
I have a as well part in the Ghostbusters movie that just came out.
I was running yesterday.
So if you guys want to check that out.
That's amazing.
I wonder.
Yeah.
I wonder if it doesn't make sense.
I feel like if Jeff were here that scene would be cut.
I like.
Yeah.
I think so.
It doesn't.
Like there's no reason.
And yet.
I understand exactly how.
What that means.
Like it's one of those things.
It's like a weird feeling.
Like deja vu.
Where you can't really explain it.
But you know.
Right.
Like there.
Yeah.
We're all feel it.
Like he would somehow bend time space.
In a way to make it retroactively gone or something.
You know.
If you're.
I was really glad to meet Jeff.
I would be on the posters.
I feel like that be the.
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, that's not a genre there.
I'm over it now.
You're fast in.
And moving forward.
Getting to open up a lot of new opportunities for me.
That's cool.
It's so exciting.
Yeah.
Johnny nice.
So you can follow me on Instagram at Johnny V.
J.O.H.
And then Y. V.I.
And you can also follow me on Tik Tok too.
at hey jville hey jville
Classic yeah classic jville feeling you're gonna get a lot more followers
I don't know there's just something I'm you're gonna go. Yeah, you're gonna go V I I or A L
Oh my god, yeah
What was that? Do you guys hear that?
Sorry, I just felt like I showed you down my spine. Oh, was that I
Keep hearing it. Sorry. Yeah, some demented voice
Can's
Just trying to okay, I think it's
Fuck I'm hearing it again
Normal voice. Yeah, I don't feel I don't. He's muted. Okay. Oh, okay. He's
All right, sweet another great episode. Well another probably quarter of a great episode and yeah
Thank you for anybody that survived the first fucking 25 miles of that slug
Because of the last mile was worth it. I feel like I have a runners high from
Finishing
All right, see you next week, everybody
Goodbye, everybody the Val right together, really. Oh fuck
That was a hit them original
You